Once you have their money, you never give it back.
The best deal is the one that brings the most profit.
Never spend more for an acquisition than you have to.
A woman wearing clothes is like a man in the kitchen.
Never allow family to stand in the way of opportunity.
Keep your ears open.
Small print leads to large risk.
Opportunity plus instinct equals profit.
Greed is eternal.
Even if it's free, you can always buy it cheaper.
Anything worth doing is worth doing for money.
Anything worth doing is worth doing twice.
Keep your family close, keep your Latinum closer.
A deal is a deal. (until a better one comes along).
A contract is a contract (but only between Ferengi).
A Ferengi without profit is no Ferengi at all.
Satisfaction is not guaranteed.
Only give money to people you know you can steal from.
Never place friendship above profit.
Never place friendship before profit.
A wise man can hear profit in the wind.
Latinum can't buy happiness, but you can sure have a blast renting it.
There's always a way out.
As the customers go, so goes the wise profiteer.
There's nothing more dangerous than an honest businessman.
Whisper your way to success.
What's in it for me?
Never make fun of a Ferengi's mother. (insult something he cares about, instead).
It never hurts to suck up to the boss.
War is good for business.
Peace is good for business.
If it's free, take it and worry about hidden costs later.
Friendship is temporary; profit is forever.
She can touch your lobes, but never your Latinum.
Profit is its own reward.
What's mine is mine, and what's yours is mine too.
Never confuse wisdom with luck.
Ambition knows no family.
Make your shop easy to find.
Don't trust a man wearing a better suit than your own.
The bigger the smile, the sharper the knife.
Everything is worth something to somebody.
Gratitude can bring on generosity.
Reward anyone who adds to your profits so they will continue to do so.
Never ask when you can take.
Good customers are as rare as Latinum, Treasure them.
There is no substitute for success.
Free advice is seldom cheap.
Keep your lies consistent.
The riskier the road, the greater the profit.
Win or lose, there's always Hyperian beetle snuff.
Ear stroking will get you anything.
Ferengi are not responsible for the stupidity of other races.
Never trust your customers.
If it gets you profit, sell your own mother.
Home is where the heart is, but the stars are made of Latinum.
Every once in a while, declare peace. It confuses the hell out of your enemies.
It's better to swallow your pride than to lose your profit.
When the going gets tough, the tough change the Rules.
Beware of the Vulcan greed for knowledge.
The flimsier the product, the higher the price.
A friend is not a friend if he asks for a discount.
Never let the competition know what you're thinking.
A friend in need means three times the profit.
Ask not what your profits can do for you, ask what you can do for your profits.
There are many paths to profit.
Act without delay! The sharp knife cuts quickly.
Females and finances don't mix.
Expand or die.
For every Rule, there is an equal and opposite Rule, (except when there's not).
Enough... is never enough.
Every man has his price.
Trust is the biggest liability of all.
If they take your first offer, you either asked too little or offered too much.
The only value of a collectible is what you can get somebody else to pay for it.
Nature decays, but Latinum lasts forever.
Sleep can interfere with...
Faith moves mountains... (of inventory).
Don't trust anyone who trusts you.
There is no honor in poverty.
A warranty is valid only if they can find you.
Dignity and an empty sack is worth the sack.
Treat people in your debt like family, exploit them [ruthlessly].
Never have sex with the boss' sister.
Always have sex with the boss.
The best contract always has a lot of fine print.
There's always a catch.
You can't free a fish from water.
Everything is for sale, including friendship.
Never judge a customer by the size of his wallet, (...sometimes, good things come in small packages).
Everything is for sale, including friendship.
Even a blind man can recognize the glow of latinum.
You can't make a deal if you're dead.
Count it.
Stay neutral in conflict so that you can sell supplies to both sides.
Never trust a beneficiary.
Wives serve, brothers inherit.
Only fools pay retail.
There's no such thing as an unfair advantage.
Risk is part of the game... play it for all it's worth.
There's nothing wrong with charity...as long as it winds up in your pocket.
Necessity, n. The mother of invention. Profit is the father.
A lie is a way to tell the truth to someone who doesn't know.
Sell the sizzle, not the steak.
Even in the worst of times, someone turns a profit.
Competition and fair play are mutually exclusive.
Blood is thicker than water, and Latinum is thicker than both.
Chances aren't what they used to be.
Know your enemies... but do business with them always.
Not even dishonesty can tarnish the shine of profit.
A fool and his money is the best customer.
Let others keep their reputation. You keep their money.
Hear all, trust nothing.
A Ferengi waits to bid until his opponents have exhausted themselves.
Never cheat a Klingon... unless you're sure you can get away with it.
It's always good business to know about new customers before they walk in your door.
If you're going to have to endure, make yourself comfortable.
The justification of profit is profit.
New customers are like razortoothed grubworms. They can be succulent, but sometimes they can bite back.
It takes a Ferengi to cheat a Ferengi.
Sometimes the only thing more dangerous than a question is an answer.
Employees are the rungs on the ladder of success... don't hesitate to step on them.
Never begin a business negotiation on an empty stomach.
Never gamble with an empath.
You can't free a fish from water.
Always know what you're buying.
Possession is 11/okt of the law.
Beware the man who doesn't make time for oo-mox.
Latinum lasts longer than lust.
There's a sucker born every minute; be sure you're the first to find each one.
You can't buy fate.
Never be afraid to mislabel a product.
Never trust a hardworking employee.
More is good... all is better.
Synthehol is the lubricant of choice for a customer's stuck purse.
A wife is a luxury... a smart accountant, a necessity.
Accountants do not play the game; they only keep the score.
Life's not fair. How else would you turn a profit?
A wealthy man can afford anything except a conscience.
A verbal contract isn't worth the paper it's written on.
Never allow doubt to tarnish your lust for Latinum.
The customer is always right, (...until you get their cash).
When in doubt, lie.
If you believe it, they believe it.
In business deals, a disruptor can be almost as important as a calculator.
Anything worth fighting for is worth hiding from.
Deep down, everyone's a Ferengi.
No good deed ever goes unpunished.
Whenever you exploit someone, it never hurts to thank them. That way, it's easier to exploit them the next time.
The Unwritten Rule   When no appropriate Rule applies, make one up! 